-: Welcome back.
In previous lecture we have created our RDS database, right.
So for our RDS database security group,
if you see, it should have allow access
which we already provided it,
we can crosscheck once if you want to, okay,
so we can go here and the security group is this one
and you should have allow access from everywhere,
so that's good.
So we have crosschecked it, now we are going
to create a Kubernetes external name service manifest
and then deploy it.
So as usual it'll have a pay version kind metadata
and then spec and the type of the service
we are going to create is external name
and the external name value
is going to be whatever the value we have got
from RDS database endpoint information, okay,
so if you go to RDS here and inside the database,
so this is the information we are going to use,
the endpoint information.
So let me go back here and go to Visual Studio Code
and it is service and API is V1
and under metadata name
and mySQL service name is mySQL
and the spec...
Inside spec, we'll have type and then external name.
So first it is external name service
and external name value, okay
and external name value going to be whatever is present
from our RDS database endpoint, okay,
so which is nothing but this one, right.
So this is what we have copied, so this is good.
So now we have created
the mySQL external name service manifest
so let's go ahead and then create that now.
So this is the one, deploy this, manifest.
So let's go to 06 e-Care storage's RDS DB
and then say, kubectl,
apply -F kube manifests S01 mySQL external name service.
Right, so once it is created,
so we can say kubectl get SVC,
the mySQL service code created now.
So the next step is to connect to that service
and then create the database user MGMT schema
inside that, Okay.
So kubectl runs, so this is the kubectl client,
whatever we are creating mySQL client
and just provide the host name of our thing, okay,
so paste and -hatch
and the whatever the host name we want to provide,
we need to provide.
So that we will take it from here
and then provide it, right.
Paste and then still we have additional command here
which is nothing but password,
username and then password, okay.
So copy and then paste it.
So let's see what happens.
So it got connected,
so which means it connected to our mySQL database,
which is in the private subnets
from our Qubernetes QCTL command line.
So now we'll go ahead and then create the stuff,
whatever is required.
So we'll see initial schemas, whatever is provided,
which is default schema should be available.
Information schema, INO DB mySQL performance schema.
So create a database user MGMT, okay.
Right, so it got created.
So now you can see, show schemas
and you have the user MGMT got created.
So now we can exit from here, Okay.
Okay, so now we have exited.
So now let's go back
and then update the deployment file,
username from route to DB admin.
So if you see here,
this is the user management microservice deployment,
whatever we have brought it from our previous sections
and here, you can see DB username.
So earlier it is route,
now we need to change it to DB admin.
I already changed it for my previous testing.
So in DB password, Kubernetes secret,
we really didn't change anything here,
it is going to be DB password 111,
which we have given for our mySQL pod
and then here also if you want,
if you have any doubt about it,
so the 64 decode and then let's see what it is, okay.
it should be DB password 11,
right, it is DB password 11, so we should be good.
So now let's go back,
so this is the one which we need to update.
If it is your previous manifest, whatever you have copied
and if you are using directly from here,
from my course and in respect to this folder,
then we really don't need to worry.
So now we have completed the update step also.
So let's move on and then deploy all the manifest, okay.
So if you see here, 01 already created
which is unchangeable, which is mySQL service.
So remaining things got created
which is rest top service, microservice
and then mySQL DB password, okay.
So I'll say, kubectl get pods and it is coming up,
it might take a while.
So let's wait for it and if you want,
we can even see the locks of this, okay.
So tell the locks of this user management pod
and inside that container is only one container, right,
so it started the application, okay,
so which means it connected to the database
and then it started the application.
If you want to do additional check also, we can do now, why?
Because we just created the schema.
If you want, we can go there
and then check whether it has created
the tables inside that, okay.
So use user MGMT will connect to that respect to database
and then I will say, show tables, right?
So user's table is created, which means it is successful,
my application got...
My user management application started successfully.
I'll say exit and I'll say, kubectl get pods,
to see that one by one it is ready or not, so it is ready.
So I'll say, kubectl get nodes -O wide,
okay, so to get the public IP.
So once we get the public IP,
we know that our node port is going to be 31231 only.
If you see here, 31231.
So I'll take the public IP, copy,
I'll go to the browser, new browser, STTP column,
public IP of my worker node
and 31231/user MGMT is the context
and health/status, okay,
so it should be available now.
We can see, it is up and running, right
and it's the same thing.
So now we can go ahead and then delete the stuff
and then clean up whatever we have created
as part of this RDS section.
So we are not stopping the...
We are not deleting this RDL database now, why?
Because we are going to work on classic load balancers,
network load balancers
and then elastic application load balancers
and then application load balancer
related different, different features
like context based routing,
SSL redirect, port 80 to 443 redirect
and then external DNS with route 53,
all those Kubernetes manifest, we are going to write,
if that is the case so we should not delete this,
we are going to leverage this
which means like how many cloud services
we are going to use, that many,
we are going to use as part of this Kubernetes thing.
So one thing important here is
if it is not in use
or after this section you are going to break
and then you are going to see remaining
like just from tomorrow
then just go ahead and then stop it
and whenever you're creating this database also,
please ensure that whenever you selected mySQL here
and then you selected free tier here, okay.
So if you really don't want any backups,
so you can uncheck this option, okay.
Whenever you are creating the database, okay.
So already you have created
and now I am telling you about it,
you can delete and then recreate it
so that your backup costs are saved for you, okay.
So it means like it is only a minor storage amount
but really don't worry
or you can even go and then edit your database
and then remove the backups also.
So whatever the option is available for you,
so you can say modify here
and just to save right table, the automated.
So backup retention of 0 will disable the automated backups
and delete existing automated snapshots
of this DB instance, okay.
So you can enable this
so that what happens is like
if you really don't want any of the backups
consuming your space
and then if this course takes longer days
for you to complete and RDS database should be available
for you to learn your other load balancer stuff also,
we are going to.
From here on, take RDS as our one of the backend database
for our user management microservice application.
So you can say, continue
and then apply immediately and then modify that DB instance.
So now let's go back here and then delete this stuff,
qctl delete -F, and then kube manifests.
So whatever we have created,
we have deleted and then cleared that.
So with that we have completed the RDS database section.
So in our next lecture,
we'll focus on classic
and then network load balancers in 07.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye, Thank you.